Update install and setup section (#7)
wso2/docs-ob-toolkit-cds: en/docs/install-and-setup/prerequisites.md

> WSO2 Open Banking CDS Toolkit is a purpose-built solution for regulatory compliance that supports Australia Consumer

Reviewer: let's use `the Australian`

Reviewer: Hi @silvashenol20 I have fixed this in ce063b3d25eca4f1a31f24e91ede0951a378c105.

> WSO2 Open Banking CDS Toolkit is a purpose-built solution for regulatory compliance that supports Australia Consumer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WSO2 Open Banking CDS Toolkit is a purpose-built solution for regulatory compliance that supports the Australian Consumer
```

> Data Right and Consumer Data Standard. Instead of building an open banking solution from scratch, you can use WSO2 Open 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data Right and Consumer Data Standards. Instead of building an open banking solution from scratch, you can use WSO2 Open 
```

Banking CDS Toolkit to meet all open banking requirements with additional benefits beyond compliance. This toolkit runs 

> on top of the following WSO2 products:

Reviewer: Consumer Data `Standards`

Reviewer: Hi @silvashenol20 I have fixed this in ce063b3d25eca4f1a31f24e91ede0951a378c105.
